fix: flatten schema of abstract index (#1294)
docarray/docarray: docs/how_to/add_doc_index.md

However, you should not rely on this, because a user can manually specify a different db_type. 
Therefore, your implementation should rely on `_ColumnInfo.db_type` and not directly call `python_type_to_db_type()`.

**Caution**

> `AbstractTensor` will be the `_ColumnInfo.docarray_type` if the field in `self._schema` is a subclass of `AbstractTensor` or a tensor Union.
> 

Reviewer: I would rephrase this a little bit:

```suggestion
If a subclass of `AbstractTensor` appears in the Document Index's schema (i.e. `TorchTensor`, `NdArray`, or `TensorFlowTensor`), then `_ColumnInfo.docarray_type` will simply show `AbstractTensor` instead of the specific subclass. This is because the abstract class normalizes all input data of type `AbstractTensor` to `np.ndarray` anyways, which should make your life easier. Just be sure to properly handle `AbstractTensor` as a possible value or `_ColumnInfo.docarray_type`, and you won't have to worry about the differences between torch, tf, and np.

```
